if during the making of a rope
double both on the rope a point
injured or there is a known present or for
isolating the point makes a knot to the
order to have need to continue
double rope
and therefore not to ascend along the same
I must have the chance to pass the
at this point I will approach the
knot that blocks my rope descent
Double
taking care to leave some
centimeter of not going there to finish
directly downed
I will build
another self-locking
this second after the singing will go to
always be positioned on the ring of
service
I will then have to prepare the second system
x hunter who will come suitably
spaced by
an auxiliary china clip
in order to create a second system
completely independent of potato
I will take care to bring back the defender
in direct contact with the way
so I will have set up a system
completely independent of
what I used until arrival
of the known in this point I owe instead
create a system to remove
above all the plate that is in me
blocking I'll use a third achard that
I will go to be positioned above
of the plate on this but shard
I will fulfill
the screaming pedal
which will allow me once blocked of
temporarily discharge the weight for
remove the plate and then return
on the shard but I will also understand the second
marshall e
I'll go and settle on the second one
braking system
taking care to bring the pedal closer
steering wheel I'll take it off if I stop it
configuration below the node is
this point however the descent leaving
the known to the title
disk